[Music]
elita is a creation from an age of
despair
found by the mysterious dr ito while
trolling for cyborg parts
alita becomes a lethal dangerous being
she cannot remember who she is or where
she came from
but to dr edo the truth is all too clear
she is the one being who can break the
cycle of death and destruction
left behind from teferis but to
accomplish her true purpose
she must fight and kill and that is
where elita's true significance comes to
bear
she is an angel from heaven she is an
angel of death
in 2563 planet earth has survived a war
known as the fall there is a city
floating above the earth in the sky
called salem
suspended by advanced engineering
beneath this
is a city called iron city and there's a
tube from iron cities factory connected
to salem
in the junkyard dr daisonito discovers a
core of a female cyborg
that has a brain and a core heart but
without body
nor limbs together with a nurse
assistant
ido rebuilds the cyborg with a spare
robotic body in his cyborg clinic
she wakes up with no recollection of any
memories and ido
names her alita as she didn't know her
own name
he finds out that the new cyborg body
integrates well with elita's original
brain as she can control her fingers
her sensory taste has also proven to
work when she likes orange fruit when
she tried it for the first time
it turns out the name of ito's deceased
daughter was elita
the robotic body was initially built for
ito's late daughter
the real elita because she was
wheelchair-bound
real elita never had a chance to use it
as she was killed by a cyber robber
who broke into ido's clinic looking for
drugs ito's partner was jiren who
is also real alida's mother ito and
cheering separated after the real alita
died
and sheeran's goal after the death of
her daughter is to go back to zalem
sheeran worked for a vector as he
promises to send her back to zalem
alita befriends a boy named hugo who
dreams of moving to the sky city of
zalem as well he also
shows her that he wanted to be a hunter
warrior like zapat
a bounty hunter warrior with a long
sword as his trademark weapon
hunter warriors collect money by killing
criminals in iron city
hugo also introduces elita to motorball
races in the neighborhood
elita tries to participate but falls
down and is made fun of in the beginning
after a few times her natural
competitive streak shows up and she is
able to defeat
everyone to score a motorball goal elita
discovers that ito is a hunter warrior
when she follows him one night and they
encounter three deadly cyborgs
elita tries to protect him and finds out
that she is naturally skilled in an
ancient martial art called panzerkunst
while in combat elita has memory
flashbacks of her earlier life on mars
she used to be a warrior with code 99
with her skill she kills two of the
cyborgs and severely damages the third
one called groweska
who retreats underground groweska
promises to come back and hunt down
elita despite elita's fighting skills
ito
discourages her from becoming a hunter
warrior once vector and sheeran find out
elita's capability they get an order
from nova to kill elita
nova promises jiren that she can go back
to salem if she succeeds the mission
vector orders hugo and his friends to
attack cyborgs
and steal their body parts for fixing
and upgrading grueska
vector promises to send hugo to salem
once he gets enough credits doing his
dirty work
on the next day hugo and his friends
brought alita to a forest area outside
of the city
and here they found an old abandoned
spaceship from the fall era
elita went into the spacecraft through
an underwater door
and brought back a berserker warrior
cyborg body with her
ido refuses to install her in the body
as he wants elita to have a second
chance in life
without being a warrior elita is
disappointed and rebels by registering
herself
as a hunter warrior alita and hugo go to
the kansas bar
to ask other hunter warriors to help her
take down groweska
as they refuse to help as groweska is
not on the wanted list and there is no
benefit or bounty in killing him
zapan tries to imitate and embarrass
elita but elita
easily beats him in a fight and being
humiliated in the process
afterward alita challenges all the other
hunter warriors and creates a massive
battle in the bar
edo comes in time to stop the fight as
an upgraded grueska storms into the bar
and challenges alita to a rematch
despite her courage and martial arts
skills
elita's body is sliced up by groweska's
bladed fingers before edo and another
hunter warrior force him to retreat
again
without any other options ito places
elita in the berserker body which
automatically integrates with her vector
realizes he is not able to defeat elita
easily
he arranges for a motorball match where
all the participants are instructed to
kill elita for a significant amount of
credit
at the same time he urges hugo to enter
elita in the motorball competition
when alita wins both hugo and alida can
go to zalem
with her new body elita has a higher
power and enhanced flexibility
she enters her name in a motorball
tryout race as per hugo's request
ito discovers that the other contestants
are hunter warriors
and other cyborgs hired by vector to
kill her meanwhile
zapan is plotting his revenge against
hugo and elita
zapan caught hugo and his friend tanji
while they are stealing cyborg parts
zapan kills tanji and frames hugo for
murdering the cyborg they were taking
the parts from
while alida is in the motorball race
hugo is trying to escape from japan
hugo calls elita and tells her to meet
him at the abandoned church after elita
eliminates the other contestants she
heads to the church to confront zapan
and learn the truth about hugo's work
before zapan mortally wounds him chiron
was at the church
supposed to kill elita but instead she
saves hugo's life by having him
decapitated and uses the leader's heart
to keep his brain alive
this angers zapan but alito grabs his
damascus blade sword and slices off his
face
hugo's head is transplanted onto a
cyborg body by ido
he also tells elita that hugo's belief
of going to zalem for one million
credits
was a lie fabricated by vector as
citizens of iron city will never be able
to enter salem
alida storms through the factory to
confront vector vector reveals that
sheeran has been murdered
and her organs and body parts will be
sent to salem
this is the only way citizens of iron
city get to go to zalem
alita once again battles groweska in
victor's office
and kills him before stabbing vector who
has been mentally controlled by salem
scientist nova
alita promises nova to get revenge for
hugo
and he made a mistake of underestimating
her in the meantime
hugo has run away from the clinic with
his new cyborg body he attempts to climb
a factory tube towards zalem
alita pleads with hugo to return with
her as a massive spiked ring sent by
nova comes
hurling down the tube shredding hugo's
body alita manages to grab hugo's
remaining arm and use her sword to
secure
hold onto the tube hugo's elbow joints
cannot support him
and break apart but not before he can
say goodbye leaving elita on the tube
clutching the remaining of his arm alita
is devastated but determined to live on
hugo's memory in the final scene alita
is shown as the star athlete of the
motorball tournament
the crowd cheers for her as she points
her sword towards salem
while nova watches her from above